Super Mario RPG Revolution
Author: Waddler-D
Version: v5.0
Patch: SMRPGRevolutionV5.0.ips
Size: 62.5 KB
Description: V5.0 - ABSOLUTE Release.  Fixes ALL bugs that existed in previous versions, including the bugs where the battle message doesn't pop up for specials after Level 30.  They will NEVER pop up now.  Fixed the Lamb's Lure not working properly and not allowing you to obtain a certain later item.  Thunderbolt (Mg. Power 32 vs. 24), Geno Beam (Mg. Power 48 vs. 40) and Geno Flash/Geno Flare (Mg. Power 90 vs. 85) have seen a significant Mg. Power increase.  Spire and Sleepy Time has seen Mg. power decreases but are ALSO the only other specials blessed with the Jump Counter bump still.  Geno Whirl now costs 8 FP and Terrorize now does damage again.  All enemies, bosses, characters, weapons equipment, jump counters (Yes, the one that's attached to Jump), timing, items, specials, and level ups are now completely balanced.  Save Point in Bowser's Castle moved back out of Croco's Room and placed before Kamek to fix a glitchy bug that occurs in the Factory section of the Gate area.  All messages have been proofread and edited.  "Bob" the Shy Ranger now has a more appropriate name.  Slight dialogue change, talk to the guy behind the house to the left of the castle in Mushroom Kingdom at the beginning!  Triplets' Shop sells more useful selection of items and also sells a very much improved "Mushroom".  Bad Mushroom can mute OR Poison enemies.  A few bosses have been tweaked and/or improved to be more balanced and/or difficult.  Culex will still kill you at any Level if you're not careful.  ALL FUTURE RELEASES WILL BE FOR THE SAKE OF BUG FIXING!
Site: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P65Dwd0eDh8
//Thread: http://acmlm.kafuka.org/board/thread.php?id=4563 
Image: SMRPGRemix 0001.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0002.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0007.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0006.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0004.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0008.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0009.png
Image: SMRPGRemix 0010.png
Tag: Full Hack, Improvement
Recommend: Yes
Readme: readme.txt
